hello everybody pin little while since
the last video I did so I'm doing it all
today I've got on the graphics card from
bfg the GTS revised its the 512 nation
I've already heard the Machine and I
must admit it's quite improvement from
the other one which is in bout of the
machine at the moment then the frame
rate shall got higher mr. met they have
some page of Empires benchmark not
really legend itself maybe not and it
was a lot cooler as I said most people
say yeah so that's that's what would be
up today will show that in action
program call of duty 4 will compare on
both machines with your girlfriend will
be the machine I'll be in line she looks
around yeah and then also bought a new
hard drive from the western digital
something about that it's the spin out
for a while it's the ten thousand rpms
drive it's what the see-through mirror
on it window so you can see that pretty
good and it will show that spinning up
in how it works and you know how how you
need to install these things cuz I get
extremely hot and yes so we're let's get
started okay so now we'll open the GTS
card CDFG and this is costing about 220
quid so that's like now
see what we get this thing so you guys
okay so obviously get the driver's ed
there and put a little crap in here so
you got CD check in whom I will see you
get here two stickers for the case and
that's just pretty sad but well
something like me to do that yeah feel
free to comment on that yeah some
invitation to gain with you so I sli
something about the hdmi but all over
school yeah setting up Jimenez and a
quick store in got a quick install guide
right now but compiler let's do it get
for this thing and it yet Oh to take
their DVI to VGA dongle so you can
monitor is on a bj string you also get a
molex to 6-pin power connector included
and that's not least to get a HD TV
table okay laughs the US and canada so
there are slightly different design to
the original gps cats slightly large pan
called on packaging the overclocked
addition as you can see on the stick on
the fan yeah and this is the card itself
so you obviously got the extra extended
sort of power heroes before it sort of
curved off here and yet this doesn't
have a bent here left on the other card
it kind of been still cool it but still
it will CC I was like that yeah that's
the cap as you can see I already try to
stick off it sort of peel it a bit yeah
so that's the card shall we put it back
in yes I think
okay okay so now on to the hard drive
now when you install this drive I would
really recommend that if you get one
place you put it inside something like
like off of mine this is a property of
hard drive bay with its own custom file
the front you just got through speed
settings you can change it this hard
drive gets extremely hot because
obviously it's faster than regular hard
drive so yeah I find out the desk before
I hit is now and it's it's sort of gonna
burn off on the desk from the heat so I
wouldn't recommend you put in some of
these things no alternated speeds you
can change it to drive look on virtual
front you can see the actual drive
itself and took a little reader now and
it's bearing and this thing it reads and
all sorts of that obviously turn on you
can see it move it so
obviously you can see the arm flicker in
between and as it tries to read the
desks you see it flickering back towards
it's pretty clever it works you can
really appreciate how it took you know
western digital engineers so on to
designers because the firm is it so
difficult to make out a window city
crisis in the drive well it'd be up
there he ain't now to reading from
harddrive and speed that goes out to
mainland I so it works okay we're going
to do the escape level part to the first
level called prologue on courgette form
so yeah
jus
but I get support
I
look
okay here's outside
each other
the freezer
I think hard Wow a split second for you
oh there
ok